# SessionAnalyser #

If you have a 2B box **and** a Digital Link Interface (usb/rs232), you can use the Commander version 4 application to control your 2B directly from your computer.
One interesting functionality of this software is to record the session, to save it in a text file and then to replay it later.
This text file can also be shared with other 2B owners running the same firmware.

But, as you know, e-stim can be _surprisingly_ and _unexpectedly painful_.
So when you load a session file with Commander 4, how do you know if that session is _acceptable_?
The Perl script provided in this repository (SessionAnalyser) can help you answer this question.

This script reads the session file, check the syntax, produces some statistics and generates a graph showing the evolution of the main parameters during the session.
This should help you to decide if you can use it.

## Requirements ##

 - Perl 5 (On MS Windows Strawberry Perl is recommanded)
 - the Perl module **GD**
 - a session file generated by Commander version 4 with a 2B running firmware 2.122 or after.

The 2B is not used by SessionAnalyser.

# USAGE #

## *nix (linux, mac) ##
```> SessionAnalyser.pl myFile.csf```

## MS Windows (from the cmd prompt) ##
```> perl SessionAnalyser.pl myFile.csf```

Perl is expected to be in your PATH.

# OUTPUT #

The output consists in two files: 

 - a pure static html+css file, without JavaScript.
 - a png file (by default 1500 x 355).

These files are generated in the same directory and with the same name (but with different extensions) as the session file.

``` 
> perl SessionAnalyser .\sessions\mySession01.csf 
Reading session file '..\sessions\ mySession01.csf'
Image file '..\sessions\ mySession01.png' generated.
Output file '..\sessions\ mySession01.html' generated. <-- Load this file in your browser. 
```

See zipped examples in the 'examples' directory of this repository.

For more details execute ``` perl SessionAnalyser --help ```

# BUG REPORT #

  Report bugs ONLY via [github](https://github.com/Estim4U/2B-SessionAnalyser) using the "Issues" or "Discussions" menus.

  This tool is neither endorsed, developed nor supported, in any way, by E-Stim Systems Ltd.
